[Music]
hi I'm Cassie from BMC good food and I'm
going to show you how to make beef ragu
so I've got all of my ingredients ready
i'm going to use some ground beef today
but you could use a mixture of pork and
beef if you like I've also got some
onions carrots and celery which have
been finely diced so let's heat some oil
in a large pan and just add the
vegetables and these need to cook for
about 10 minutes or until they're nice
and softened and just starting to brown
[Music]
so just leave those to fizzle in the oil
that looks great so now I'm ready to add
me I'm just gonna break it up with my
wooden spoon and cook it into its lovely
and dark brown
okay so that's been cooking for about
ten minutes and it's nice and brown now
so I'm going to add in some tomato puree
and garlic
and some thyme leaves and just cook that
for another couple of minutes
now we're ready to add the red wine so
just pull that in I'm going to turn the
heat up and bubble it for a couple of
minutes just to boil some of the alcohol
away
okay so mostly liquid is boiled away now
I'm going to add some beef stock then
just season with some salt and pepper
and give it one last stir
now I'm gonna leave that to bubble on a
low heat for about an hour to hour and
fifteen minutes covered with a lid and
seal the meats lovely and tender and the
sauce it's nice and rich Ballack's gray
I'm just gonna leave it cooking for
another 15 minutes without the lid while
I cook some pasta so I've got a pan
boiling with water here just push the
pasta down under the water and don't
forget to season it with a little bit of
salt
the pastas cooked now before we drain it
I'm just gonna reserve some of the water
and you can use this in a minute to
loosen the sauce when you toss the pasta
through the ragu
now just add the pasta straight to the
source
and I'm gonna stare through some
Parmesan cheese as well
and I'm just gonna add a drizzle of that
water to loosen the sauce a little bit
this will just help it coat the
spaghetti so there you go that's how you
make a beef ragout
[Music]